 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA)  

FM & HR IT Services (ICS) 

FM IT Services 

Ancillary Financial Applications (AFA) 

August 2017 

 

Version 08/18/2017 

 

Abstract  

Overview  

The GSA Ancillary Financial Application (AFA) system is operated by the Office of Corporate 
IT Services, FM & HR IT Services Division.  The system boundary includes the ancillary 
systems that support the financial functions of Pegasys, Legacy National Electronic and 
Accounting Reporting (NEAR) historical data and Financial Management Information System 
(FMIS), all of which are owned and managed by USDA.  These ancillary applications assist in 
GSA’s mission by allowing the Office of the Chief Financial Office users to review, validate, 
and reconcile transactions in a variety of financial domains such as vendor invoices and accounts 
payables.  

The GSA Ancillary Financial Application (AFA) system is operated by the Office of Corporate 
IT Services, FM & HR IT Services Division to support the financial management process which 
primarily occurs in the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) system known as 
Pegasys.  GSA’s Associate Chief Information Officer of the Office of Corporate IT Services is 
the Authorizing Official of AFA and all the minor applications that fall under this system. The 
applications facilitate the financial management processes to improve efficiency and accuracy of 
the transactions in Pegasys, but none of the applications within AFA are the authoritative 
financial records.  

The following are the applications within AFA that contain data subject to the Privacy Act 
(Personally Identifiable Information – PII).  The summary of each application describes the PII 
data that is collected and the method(s) of collection.  

●  Concessions Accounts Receivable System (CARS) - This application provides read-

only access to historical records and no changes are made to the data. In the past CARS, 
provided accounts receivable tracking, report generation, and management information 
for concession leases. CARS handles accounting for concession related income (e.g., a 
cafeteria within a government public building). The amount recorded in CARS is the 
amount of the check paid by the concession holding company. Personal data may be 
collected in CARS if a concession is run by an individual as opposed to a company.  The 
system collects the name and address of the concession payer.  

●  Check Cancellation – Check Cancellation is a read-only application and provides 
historical data. The Check Cancellations application was previously used by GSA 
personnel in the Kansas City Finance Center to import check cancellation files from 
Treasury and provide data for associates to make appropriate accounting entries.  This 
data was also used in the cash reconciliation process performed by the Pegasys Finance 
Branch. The data is viewed in Check Cancellation application and compared to Pegasys 
Cash transactions.  Additionally, the application exports a daily Excel file which is 
manually sent to a mailing list of individuals who require this data to perform their job 
functions (e.g., GSA accountants). If GSA receives checks from individuals (sole 
proprietors using their name and personal banking information) then the name and bank 
account information would be personal data. Most of the transactions however are related 
to companies and include only company data.  

Version 08/18/2017 

 

●  Federal Supply Service Payment System (FEDPAY) - The Federal Supply Service 

Payment System (FEDPAY) provides an automated method for electronically receiving 
and processing Federal Supply Service purchase orders as well as the subsequent 
processing of vendor-submitted invoices against those purchase orders. For each invoice 
processed for payment the FEDPAY system creates a billing record that is passed to the 
Federal Acquisition Service Pegasys Connect for generating billing records to customers. 
The FEDPAY system receives all purchase orders electronically from interfacing 
systems. Vendors may submit invoices to FEDPAY via the Internet, Electronic Data 
Interchange (EDI), or through the mail. The FEDPAY system consists of user-friendly 
online menu items, update forms, query forms and reports to input, process, and retrieve 
transactions easily and quickly such as purchase orders, invoices, claims, receipts, and 
vendor information. Like other AFA applications, the only personal data collected in 
FEDPAY occurs when a vendor provides personal information for example if they are a 
sole proprietor using their name and address for the company. Most of the transactions 
however are related to companies and include only company data. 

●  Invoice Search - Invoice Search is an application that searches for invoices in the Visual 

Invoice Tracking and Payment (VITAP) system to track paid and delinquent (over 20 
days old) invoices. The application allows users to view outstanding and paid invoices in 
the VITAP and Pegasys systems, view images of invoices, and reject invalid invoices via 
the web (rejecting an invoice does not delete data, it simply marks it as a rejection. 
Follow up is then performed to ensure that the invoice is invalid). Users cannot modify 
data using Invoice Search. It relies on user roles within Pegasys for authentication and the 
data visible to the user is filtered based on his/her Parent Organization (e.g. GSA).  This 
application provides a key piece of the agencies’ overall Accounts Payable workflow 
process.  Invoice images displayed in Invoice Search may contain PII such as addresses, 
phone numbers, Taxpayer Identification Numbers.  The application also displays bank 
information which could be an individual’s if they do not separate their personal and 
business banking information.  Invoice Search does not distinguish personal and business 
accounts and the same protections are applied to both categories of information. 

●  Outlease Accounts Receivable System (OARS) - This application provides read-only 
access to historical records and no changes are made to the data. GSA outleases space 
when a long-term Federal rental need is identified but full utilization of the space is not 
achievable in the short-term.  OARS creates coupon books and tracks receipt of outlease 
rents in Federal buildings, handles special charges (e.g., cleaning) for a building, and 
creates sales accounting entries for each income type when an outlease occurs. OARS 
provides accounts receivable tracking, report generation, and management information 
for Public Building Services (PBS) leases to non-federal customers. The application can 
generate monthly receivables reports, reverse out deferred liabilities in the large 
beginning of month batches, and track the payments of individual accounts on a month 
by month basis, report on the inventory of spaces being leased by each region, and 
produce delinquency report on overdue accounts. In addition, OARS has the ability to 
track the leasing of Historic Buildings separately. OARS processes and records data that 
could be used to identify individuals such as billing names, addresses, contract numbers, 

Version 08/18/2017 

 

and history of payments. 

●  Pegasys Online Disbursement Review (POLDR) - Pegasys Online Disbursement 

Review (POLDR) provides the Financial Operations Division a consolidated view of 
matched documents including purchase orders, receiving reports, invoices, and payment 
authorizations in order to expedite the approval or disapproval of payments in Pegasys. 
POLDR pulls together all four views into four quadrants of a single screen so that the 
Financial Analyst can review the Payment prior to certification.  Users review invoice, 
purchase orders, receiving reports, information from payment documents in Pegasys 
within the four quadrants.  Users review documents to approve or cancel payments. 
When a payment is approved, the approval is linked to a scanned image from VITAP to 
copy the actual invoice.  The approval occurs in POLDR and is then sent to Pegasys.  
VITAP feeds information into POLDR.  If a payment is rejected, it creates an exception 
in VITAP, so that the issue can be resolved by the Financial Analysts. POLDR displays 
data from Pegasys to include: Vendor Code/TIN , Vendor Address Code, DUNS 
Number, Vendor name, Remit to Address, Vendor Account Numbers, Invoice Number, 
Invoice Amount, Receipt acceptance data. POLDR contains vendor bank account 
information including account and routing numbers. The use of personal data is minimal 
but possible. 

●  Utility Payment Profile System (UPPS) - The Utility Payment Profile System was 

developed to track and pay GSA utility bills and create projections of future utility 
payments. UPPS produces a file of utility payment information for the PBS-IS EUAS 
system and provides a report that identifies utility bill payments that are out of tolerance 
with PBS building energy usage profiles. The application is used to process utility 
payments, setting up utility accounts, and paying invoices. UPPS is also used for setting 
up monthly profiles (monthly accruals). This application supports PBS and all utilities 
except telephone bills. UPPS technicians have scanners that scan the physical copies of 
bills from electric, water, and gas companies. These bills are usually received by mail for 
all GSA owned property. When invoice is received, payment is entered in UPPS to post. 
Then scanned in batches, and then sent to Pegasys, through a VITAP output process. 
Pegasys feeds vendor information into UPPS. The data also contains invoice numbers and 
customer name. There is currently a plan to migrate the UPPS application to another 3rd 
party system. 

●  Utilities System - The Utility System was developed to track and pay GSA utility bills 
and generate projections of utility payments. It is a .Net Web application that provides 
access to the information in the UPPS tables. Utilities System allows users to query the 
UPPS tables in a read only mode.  The application allows users to reconcile payments 
that are out of tolerance with PBS building energy usage profiles and random sample 
reports.  Additionally the app is used for approximately one month a year to do updates to 
Payment Profiles used by UPPS for the following fiscal year.  These do not affect 
payments; the profiles are used for projecting accruals and out of tolerance variances. 
This system is a read-only reporting system and does not collect data.  It reports on data 
in the UPPS system. It displays master data that includes vendor identifiers and billing 

Version 08/18/2017 

 

 

records. 

●  Visual Invoice Tracking and Payment (VITAP) - The Visual Invoice Tracking and 

Payment (VITAP) application is a front end accounts payable matching system that 
provides a variety of functionality for the Federal Acquisition Service (FAS) and Public 
Building Service business lines. VITAP provides data for two of the OCFO Web 
applications: Web Vendors and Invoice Search. It also provides interfaces for UPPS 
utility payment data to flow into Pegasys.   External customers use Web Vendor to 
submit invoices via the web.  Invoice hardcopies are scanned and entered into 
ImageNow.  VITAP provides the interface between the FAS feeder systems (Online 
Management Information System (OMIS), Regional Business Application (RBA), and 
Telecommunications Order and Pricing System (TOPS)), document matching, validation, 
and processing, exception processing, workflow routing, invoice tracking, obligations 
processing, payment, accruals document management for unprocessed documents, 
transaction history, and Pegasys. VITAP automatically performs a match on the 
electronic and scanned documents and generates the appropriate accounting entries to be 
batched and transmitted to Pegasys. Some of the key functions that VITAP performs are 
invoice tracking, email notifications, report generation, and management information. 
VITAP uses the following information from a feed from Pegasys: Vendor Name, Tax 
Identification Number / Social Security Number, Address, email address.  The vendor 
name and SSN only comes in as personal data where a vendor is a sole proprietor using 
their personal information for business purposes.  

●  Web Vendor - The Web Vendor application allows GSA Vendors to search for their 

Purchase Orders (POs), past and pending payments, status of invoices, and to submit new 
invoices electronically.   Web Vendor can only be used for invoices processed via 
VITAP.  GSA vendors access the application via the Internet. The vendors can create the 
electronic invoices only against the POs found in the Pegasys PO table. All the submitted 
information is saved in the VITAP database.  The process is automated.  Vendors submit 
the electronic invoice via the website and the details are saved to the VITAP database, 
and related images are stored on the web server. An automatic back-end process runs and 
imports these invoice details into the Pegasys Invoice Table in VITAP and moves the 
related image files to ImageNow. Web Vendor captures the following potentially 
personal data; Vendor Name, email, phone number, TIN numbers . The vendor name, 
phone, and email address only comes in as personal data where a vendor is a sole 
proprietor using their personal information for business purposes.  

Section 1.0 Authorities and Other Requirements  
 
1.1 What specific legal authorities and/or agreements permit and define the collection of 
information by the application in question?  

48 CFR 1232.7002 Invoice and Voucher review and approval – provides for the collection of 
invoices for contracts and the review of these by the government for the purpose of receiving 

Version 08/18/2017 

 

payments from vendors using Federal space and for receiving invoices for payment.  

Vendors who use their SSNs rather than a Tax Identification Number (TIN) introduce personal 
data into AFA.  AFA is used to manage financial processes that are geared towards Accounts 
Payable and Accounts Receivable workflows.  

 
1.2 What Privacy Act System of Records Notice(s) (SORN(s)) applies to the information?  

The following SORN captures the records discussed in this PIA: 
https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2006/10/16/E6-17069/privacy-act-of-1974-notice-of-
a-new-system-of-records  

 
1.3 Has a System Security Plan (SSP) been completed for the information system(s) 
supporting the application?  

 

The Ancillary Financial Applications (AFA) FISMA system was approved with an Authority to 
Operate (ATO) on September 21, 2016 and is in the process of being renewed. The system is a 
Moderate system and will be approved for three years on or before September 20, 2017. 

1.4 Does a records retention schedule approved by the National Archives and Records 
Administration (NARA) exist?  

The Pegasys financial records are the system of record, but GSA currently maintains the AFA 
records indefinitely. At a minimum NARA requires retention for at least 6 years after contracts 
expire for financial management records. 

 
1.5 If the information is covered by the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA), provide the OMB 
Control number and the agency number for the collection. If there are multiple forms, 
include a list in an appendix.  

The information in these systems are not collected from the public and thus are not subject to the 
Paperwork Reduction Act.   

Section 2.0 Characterization of the Information  
 

The following questions are intended to define the scope of the information requested 

and/or collected, as well as reasons for its collection.  
 
2.1 Identify the information the application collects, uses, disseminates, or maintains. 
  

The applications that collect individual data ancillary to the billing and accounts receivable 
process and only where individuals are using personal information for business purposes.  The 
records collected in AFA are related to invoices and accounts receivables.  When companies are 
sole proprietorships and the owner does not have a separate Tax Identification Number (TIN) 

Version 08/18/2017 

 

from the Internal Revenue Service that is not their Social Security Number (SSN), the records 
may contain multiple possible personal information to include: person’s name, SSN, home 
address (if they do not have a separate business address), home phone, and e-mail address.  The 
number of records containing PII is a small percentage of the overall record set and Pegasys has 
a process from replacing an SSN entered by a vendors with an "S" vendor code.  

Analysis is performed by the user and not the application.  The data analyzed is related to 
reconciliation of the information displayed in these applications versus data in the Accounts 
Payable or Accounts Receivable modules within USDA’s Pegasys system.  

Applications receive data from Pegasys as the official system of record for financial transactions. 
Data such as the vendor information can be retrieved from Pegasys. Therefore, the ways in 
which Pegasys handles the TIN or SSN determines which data is passed on to these applications 
as noted in Section 1 of this document.  These applications can also flow data to Pegasys, for 
example, in the case of Web Vendor.  The actual individual / personal information such as the 
vendor registration information is not passed on to Pegasys.  The vendors must already be in the 
Pegasys system and that system is the authoritative source of the vendor information.  

 
2.2 What are the sources of the information and how is the information collected for the 
application?  
 

The AFA applications receive vendor data from Pegasys. Web Vendor users with administrative 
rights for their company can register other users from the company. The information captured for 
those users is their name and e-mail address.  

2.3 Does the application use information from commercial sources or publicly available 
data? If so, explain why and how this information is used.  

No the applications do not use data from commercial / public sources.  

 
2.4 Discuss how accuracy of the data is ensured.  
 

The primary purpose of these applications is to allow end users to cross-reference data across 
financial applications and data. The accuracy is confirmed by these end  users,  not through 
automated means.  The Pegasys system at USDA remains the authoritative source for financial 
transactions and these applications assist in the financial workflow.   

 
2.5 Privacy Impact Analysis: Related to Characterization of the Information  
 

Privacy Risk: If role-based access is no applied or enforced properly, personal data could be 
exposed to individuals who do not have a need to know.    

Mitigation: The AFA applications are in a Moderate FISMA boundary with role-based access 

Version 08/18/2017 

 

that is reviewed by system owners. An interconnection agreement is in place with USDA for the 
Pegasys system to share vendor information with AFA.  This ensures a secure connection with 
only the data required being shared between the two systems.   

 

 

Section 3.0 Uses of the Information  
 
The following questions require a clear description of the application’s use of information.  
 
3.1 Describe how and why the application uses the information.  

The AFA applications use the vendor information to connect the company with the purchases 
and/or the invoices in the financial system.   Vendor POC information is used to communicate 
with vendors (phone and e-mail) and the TIN is used as an identifier in the Pegasys financial 
system for reporting data to the IRS.  The TIN is shown in these applications in order to 
authoritatively match with records in Pegasys since vendor names can have overlaps. 

 
3.2 Does the application use technology to conduct electronic searches, queries, or analyses 
in an electronic database to discover or locate a predictive pattern or an anomaly? If so, 
state how GSA plans to use such results. 

The applications do simple queries on the Vendor Code (usually a TIN) and names, but not 
detailed analysis or calculations. The applications do not perform complex analysis but users will 
match data and store new information. For example, Web Vendor allows users to submit an 
invoice against a matching purchase order.  Another example is VITAP’s ability to generate 
accounting entries based on submitted documents.   

3.3 Are there other components with assigned roles and responsibilities within the system?  
 

AFA shares data with Pegasys through the VITAP interfaces with Pegasys.  FEDPAY also 
interfaces to Pegasys through the Secure Transfer Service. There is a signed Interconnection 
Security Agreement and Memorandum of Understanding between GSA and USDA for the data 
exchanges that occur.  In particular the AFA applications obtain the vendor information (which 
can contain personal information) from Pegasys.  

3.4 Privacy Impact Analysis: Related to the Uses of Information  

Privacy Risk: If users are not familiar with the way in which Pegasys marks vendors who are 
using their SSN instead of a TIN, sensitive personal information such as the name and SSN 
could be exposed.  

Mitigation: Training and documentation in Pegasys covers the use of the vendor code field and 
the use of the “S” in the code for vendors using their SSN while doing business with the 
government.  This information is also covered in the user guide information for the applications 
and all AFA users must complete privacy and security training on an annual basis.  

Version 08/18/2017 

 

 
Section 4.0 Notice  
 

The following questions seek information about the application’s notice to the individual 
about the information collected, the right to consent to uses of said information, and the right to 
decline to provide information. 

4.1 How does the application provide individuals notice prior to the collection of 
information? If notice is not provided, explain why not.  
 

This PIA will be posted to the GSA  privacy site here - 
https://www.gsa.gov/portal/content/102237 .  The Pegasys SORN which covers this data will be 
replaced here - https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2013/12/31/2013-31308/privacy-act-
of-1974-notice-of-an-updated-system-of-records with updates to rename it and align with the 
information in this PIA.  

 
4.2 What opportunities are available for individuals to consent to uses, decline to provide 
information, or opt out of the application?  
 

Individuals do not use the applications that are the subject of this PIA. The individuals whose 
data is captured in AFA consent to use their information when signing contracts with GSA or 
leasing GSA facilities. The data collected is intended to be vendor data and it is the individual’s 
choice to use their personal information instead of applying for a company Employer 
Identification Number from the IRS.  Individuals should consider using a TIN instead of their 
personal SSN when doing business with the government. The IRS covers this in their guidance to 
self-employed individuals - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/taxpayer-
identification-numbers-tin and GSA makes this informaiton available to vendors during the 
process.  

 

 

4.3 Privacy Impact Analysis: Related to Notice  

Privacy Risk: Individuals can decrease the potential risk to their privacy by obtaining and using 
an TIN instead of their SSN when doing business with the government.  The SORN identifies 
that the vendor code is used for retrieval as well as the vendor’s name.    

Mitigation: User documentation includes information about how the Vendor Code is used and a 
special code may be applied in Pegasys to notify end users that a vendor has chosen to use their 
SSN.  Users are aware that this information becomes sensitive in this instance.  In addition, role 
based access is in place for the applications to prevent access by individuals who are not part of 
the financial processing workflow. 

 
Section 5.0 Data Retention by the application  

Version 08/18/2017 

 

 

The following questions are intended to outline how long the application retains the 

information after the initial collection. 
5.1 Explain how long and for what reason the information is retained.  
 

Financial records are retained per National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) 
standards for at least six years. The AFA records may be retained online longer for historical 
reviews, but at a minimum will be retained six years. Pegasys is the system or record for the 
financial data however.  

 
5.2 Privacy Impact Analysis: Related to Retention  
 

Privacy Risk: Since these applications are sometimes used for historical purposes and review, 
the data may be retained longer than the six years required.    

Mitigation: Role based access, intrusion detection, firewalls, and other elements of a FISMA 
Moderate system are in place. These protections help reduce the risk to individuals when their 
data may need to be retained for longer than the 6 year minimum retention period. 

 

Section 6.0 Information Sharing  
 

The following questions are intended to describe the scope of the application information 

sharing external to the Agency. External sharing encompasses sharing with other federal, state 
and local government and private sector entities.  
 
6.1 Is information shared outside of GSA as part of the normal agency operations? If so, 
identify the organization(s) and how the information is accessed and how it is to be used.  
 

Data is shared between this system and Pegasys.  It is a two-way interface, but personal data is 
only shared from Pegasys to AFA.  AFA does not provide updates of the personal data back to 
Pegasys.  

6.2 Describe how the external sharing noted in 6.1 is compatible with the SORN noted in 
1.2.  
 

The Pegasys SORN for GSA (GSA/PPFM-11) is being updated to indicate that Pegasys has 
moved to USDA and AFA shares data between the two systems.  

 
6.3 Does the application place limitations on re-dissemination?  
 

The data provided from AFA to Pegasys is not the personal data and is not shareable.  For 

Version 08/18/2017 

 

 

example, AFA (in VITAP) may create accounting lines in Pegasys against purchases in the 
system.  This information is not shareable and does not contain personal data. 

6.4 Describe how the application maintains a record of any disclosures outside of the 
Agency.  
 

AFA tracks the transmission of data to Pegasys in audit logs that contain information compliant 
with GSA’s audit log procedures.  

6.5 Privacy Impact Analysis: Related to Information Sharing  

Privacy Risk:  Is there a potential risk of PII being shared to Pegasys without authorization? 

Mitigation: No. The only data from AFA that is shared with Pegasys is related to financial 
transactions.  Pegasys contains the relevant vendor information.  

 
Section 7.0 Redress  
 

The following questions seek information about processes in place for individuals to seek 

redress which may include access to records about themselves, ensuring the accuracy of the 
information collected about them, and/or filing complaints.  
 
7.1 What are the procedures that allow individuals to access their information?  
 

Individuals should contact the AFA Information Owner with questions regarding any of their 
personal data in the system.  

7.2 What procedures are in place to allow the subject individual to correct inaccurate or 
erroneous information?  
 

Discrepancies in data must be corrected in Pegasys and then the corrected data will be migrated 
back to AFA.   

 
7.3 How does the application notify individuals about the procedures for correcting their 
information?  
 

Vendors are made aware of accounts payable and accounts receivable processes through their 
contracts.  For disputes or corrections, they would contact their Contracting Officer / Specialist 
and follow the procedures in the orders they receive. 

 
7.4 Privacy Impact Analysis: Related to Redress  

Version 08/18/2017 

 

 

Privacy Risk: If users in Pegasys enter the vendor data incorrectly, that data will be incorrect in 
AFA as well.  The AFA applications are used primarily for tracking and matching data.  The 
process is not visible to the individuals except through contracts that use Web Vendor for 
invoicing.  

Mitigation: The contracting / ordering process and associated documentation is the individual’s 
window into the financial records and processing.  Each vendor should check the accuracy of the 
purchase order documentation as it relates to any personal information.  For information on 
gaining access and working with Web Vendor, refer to the Frequently Asked Questions. 

 
Section 8.0 Auditing and Accountability  
 

The following questions are intended to describe technical and policy based safeguards 

and security measures. 
 
8.1 How does the application ensure that the information is used in accordance with stated 
practices in this PIA?  
 

Audit reviews are performed at the operating system level to identify any anomalies of server-
level activities. The application logs may be reviewed if an incident occurs.  

OARS, CARS, and Check Cancellation are read-only applications and therefore do not have 
auditing enabled. 

FEDPAY, Web Vendor, VITAP, UPPS, Utilities, and POLDR all audit data change events and 
logins to the system as specified in the System Security Plan for AFA. Audit log reviews are 
performed when suspicious activity is detected or a security incident has been reported. 

8.2 Describe what privacy training is provided to users either generally or specifically 
relevant to the application.  
 

All Federal Government employees and contractors receive annual general security awareness 
and privacy training.  This is relevant to how AFA records are handled and users are trained to 
understand the importance of protecting the records and documents stored in the system. 

 
8.3 What procedures are in place to determine which users may access the information and 
how does the application determines who has access?  
 

Users for all of the applications listed in this PIA, except for FEDPAY for vendors and Invoice 
Search, request access to the system using GSA’s Enterprise Access Request System (EARS).  
EARS forces the user to specify the roles they are requesting.  Each request from a potential end 
user is reviewed by an approval workflow which complies with the GSA IT Procedural Guide 

Version 08/18/2017 

 

 
 

for access control. The minimum workflow requires approval of the applicant’s supervisor prior 
to a system administrator adding the user into the role requested.   

Invoice Search users are controlled through the USDA Pegasys account management process and 
roles are assigned in the Pegasys system by the USDA administrators. 

FEDPAY for non-Government users are not approved through EARS but are approved by the 
vendor points of contact, i.e. the person appointed by each vendor to approve such requests.  

The roles define whether the user has read-only or write privileges.  The read/write privileges 
may change for different drawers in the system. 

8.4 How does the application review and approve information sharing agreements, MOUs, 
new uses of the information, new access to the system by organizations within GSA and 
outside?  
 

All MOUs are reviewed by the system owner, program manager, Information System Security 
Officer, Information Owner, and counsel and then sent to A&A Review Team for formal review.  

 

Version 08/18/2017 

 

 

Version 08/18/2017 

